+++
title = "プロジェクトフォーカスアップデート"
tags = [
    "Development",
    "Statement",
    "Roadmap",
]
bounty = 24
date = "2017-10-04"
categories = [
    "Statement",
]
+++

### モバイル　ウォレット

Skycoinモバイルウォレットが完成しました。

[https://play.google.com/apps/testing/net.skycoin.mobile](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/net.skycoin.mobile)

### ブランディング、デザイン

Skycoinのウェブサイトのコンテンツページを改訂しています。

また、今、私たちは新しいロゴを用意しています。

報奨金プログラムは1カ月間です。
もしあなたがSkycoinのビデオを作りたいと考えているならば、テレグラムで報奨金プログラムをチェックしてください。

[Skycoin Branding Kit](https://www.skycoin.net/downloads/#assets)

### Skywire

Skywireは動作していますが、skycoin / netネットワーキングライブラリを使用するために書き直しています。

クラスタ管理（ノードマネージャ）とグローバルネットワークダッシュボードのダッシュボードは現在開発中です。

そして、ネットワークはVPN、Socks5プロキシのために完全に公開され、アプリケーションを新しいネームスペースに移動し始めます。

### 新しいウォレット

ウォレットのバージョン20がリリースされています。
これはゼロから作り上げた新しいウォレットで、１カ月間Skycoinのgithub　開発ブランチにあります。

バージョン20は、古いウォレットより数十倍高速です。

### プロジェクトの焦点

> 引用: LiskEnterprise on September 14, 2017, 11:03:15 PM

> このフォーラムは死んでおり、価格は死んでいます...
何らかの相関関係があるのかも知れません。
なぜならばテレグラムに移動したので、ここには生産的な会話はありません。BTCの話は、暗号通貨に携わる人が研究する最初の場所であり、彼らがここで見るべきものは何もありません。


価格は死んでいません。

**私たちが市場にコインを売ると、価格が上がります。**

人々が望む価格で購入することは不可能であり、誰もそのコインを売りたくない。
Byteballsや他のコインのように、3ヶ月で0.05ドルから600ドルになることができれば、コインを売る理由はありません。
これは、コイン市場がどのように動いているかを過去8年間見てきた人々にとっては、よく理解されている動きです。特に、金融資産やバブルの心理学において明らかです。

IOTA、Litecoin、Byteballs、Bitcoinのようなコインはすべて非常に長い潜伏期間を持っていました。

これは小さなユーザーコミュニティからの急激な成長、１日あたり１％の成長であっても、それが民意に到達するまでに数年かかります。
ユーザーコミュニティーとテクノロジーは継続的かつ一定の速度で成長するが、資産評価は突然かつ猛烈に行われます（コイン、資産、マーケットが認識の臨界点を突破します。）それから、数ヶ月以上前に2,3回聞いたことが突然あらゆるところに現れます。ユーザーの成長は一定で線形ですが、一般的な認識や注意はしきい値的な性格を持っています。
ユーザーコミュニティが100人で、成長率が1％/日であれば、1日に1人の新規ユーザーになります。私たちのテレグラムは過去２カ月間で８倍に増えました。直近の２カ月間はまだ広告やマーケティング活動さえ行っていません。また、動画も殆どなく、公開されたマーケティングも無く、大きな取引所にはまだ公開されていません。

価格も問題にはなりません。ほとんどまともな働きをせず、価値がなく、大規模な運営コスト（負のキャッシュフロー、損失）を抱え、Skycoinの時価総額の120倍で取引しているプロジェクトがあります。
実際に開発者やユーザーコミュニティ、また、実際のテクノロジーやユーザーベースを保てるブロックチェーンプロジェクトはごくわずかです。

Skycoinのアクティブなユーザベースメトリックは8倍に増加しましたが、価格は安定しています。価格は最適な指標ではありません。それは技術、開発、マーケティング、ユーザーコミュニティーに数ヵ月あるいは数年遅れているからです。

内部的には、価格を指標として使用するのではなく、以下のような要素を見ていきます。

- 技術開発と準備状況
- ユーザーコミュニティの成長
- 活動とアプリケーションの適応状況
- ユーザビリティの向上
- マーケティング努力とSkycoinの構造/組織の改善（報奨金プログラムでは何人の人が活躍しているか）

我々はSkycoinの取引量を減少させるコインとマーケティングの改善をしました。なぜなら、人々は売る意欲に乏しいからです。
主要ニュースをリリースすると、スカイコインの価格は上昇しませんが、取引量で売却する人が少なくなるため、時価総額も減少します。私たちがテスト用にコインを投入したとき、Skycoinの価格は市場に売り出すのと同様、上昇しました。

通常、係数は負です。 コインＸを市場に売ると、市場価格はYによって下がるはずですが、
市場価格は上昇します。インパルス応答関数のための線形係数は、間違った符号を持ちます。
「より多くのコインが売れば増えるほど、スカイコインの価格は上がる」

人々がSkycoinを売却するとき、その心理は「誰かが投げ売りしている」というものであり、人々は価格を吊り上げてより投げ売ることができるように誘惑します。
Skycoinのバイヤーは、長期的なポジションを獲得しようとしています（コインの絶対数を最大化する）。だから、彼らは価格を上げることなく時間をかけて買っています。
しかし、売り手は現在の価格で売ることはありません。

これは、私たちがOTC（分散型）マーケットで見ているものと一致しています。
暗号通貨全体の30%~40%をSkcoin の中に移している人がいて、彼らは購入して保有していますが、マーケットには積極的に参加していません（将来の果実を待っています）。

だから、スカイコインの市場心理は人々がその日の価格を巡って大量取引しているだけのMoneroまたはDogecoinとは異なります。一度大きな取引所に入ると、より多くのデイトレードと大量の取引が見られますが、できたばかりのコインやアーリーステージのコインは、大量取引を生み出すことはありません。

私たちは数回、「マーケットメイキング」を行い、「売り」と「買い」の両方に10 BTCを入れようとしましたが、買い注文だけがあり、売り注文が無いのでコインはすべて買われ、非常に早く消耗してしまい、スプレッドの設定や価格が分かりませんでした。そしてBotのコインが足りなくなり、私たちはマーケットメイキングを成功させることはできませんでした。これは需要が高いことを示していますが、人々は安価に購入したいと考えています。

私たちはそれは仕方のないことなので、マーケットが望むようにするつもりでいます。ヨーヨーボットは止まり、市場はとても良く見え、積極的に取引する多くの人がいて、価格は非常に安定しています。スカイコインマーケットとオーダーブックは成熟しています。

スカイコインを取引する人たちも、非常に知的で洗練されています。 彼らは他のコインユーザーと比較して、技術的能力と教育レベルが非常に高いです。スカイコインユーザーの多くは、人間の心理や市場行動をよく理解しています。

また、Skycoinコミュニティは、すべてのコインのソフトウェア開発者とエンジニアの割合が最も高いです。 Skycoinコミュニティは非常に組織化されており、その多くは何ヶ月も何年も先のコインのポートフォリオ配分を計画しています。
彼らは取引所に上場される前から新しいプロジェクトを見ており、土台となる技術と、将来的に評価される能力に基づいてプロジェクトを評価しています。そのため、私たちは他のコインのような感情的な動きをするマーケットを持っていないし、価格は非常に安定しています。


- Skycoinは開発者を抱えています（数十億ドルの開発プロジェクトの大部分は開発者がいません）
- Skycoinには独自のブロックチェーンがあります（ERC20トークンや、「ICO」に数千〜数百万ドルの資金を調達するプロジェクトの多くはブロックチェーンを持っていません）

- Skycoinにはアプリケーションがあり、実行して動作させることができます（数千〜数億ドルの資金を調達しているICOのほとんどすべてがアプリケーションを持っていないか、開発者を雇うために資金を調達しています。）

- Skycoinは、開発の歴史が8年以上あります（ほとんどのコインには開発者がなく、ブロックチェーンもなく、開発履歴もなく、デモアプリケーションもありません）

- Skycoinにはテクノロジーがあります。 我々は、我々が取り組んでいる問題を解決するために何をしなければならないかを知っている（過去40年間、進歩なく人々が解決しようして失敗してきた問題を解決するために1億ドルが調達される代わりに。）
- Skycoinにはユーザーコミュニティがあります。（botだけだったり、また報奨金を請求する
ためにbotでチャンネルを溢れ返らせる人々がいたり、チャンネルの中で誰が最もbotを得るために競争するようなことはありません。）
- など

基本に基づいて、我々は非常にうまくやっています。しかし、市場のほとんどは、外部にいる誰かがそのコインを見ることで理解するのは不可能です。
「このコインは実際にユーザーが使っていますか？」「このコインは実際にユーザーコミュニティを持っていますか？」「本当に1日に1億ドルのリアルな取引をしているのですか、それとも1つのボット取引で取引量があるように見せかけていますか？」
「このコインは本当に2億ドルの価値があるのですか、あるいは誰か作った2億ドル分のコインを、はじめは1ドルとして取引するのですか？」
「このコインは、本当に誰かがtwitterでフォローしているのか、それとも50,000botを買ってフォローしているのか」

今日の市場のコインのほとんどは完全に偽造品です。 100％偽物です。
開発者はいません。 ブロックチェインはありません。 製品はありません。 にせの流動性です。
雇われた人々が、ユーザーコミュニティーがあるかのように見せているところを除いて、コミュニティーはありません。
「Redditをbotで溢れさせ、コミュニティがあるかのように見せるために人に1日40ドル支払う」など、「私たちはコミュニティがあります。異なる14のredditアカウントの下でコミュニティーマネージャーのくだらないポストを見てください。」

You cannot compare Skycoin to these fake coins. If we wanted to do it the same
way, we could do the same thing and make the market cap go to $500 million
tomorrow. I can run a bot right now and send the volume to $5 million dollars a
day. It does not mean anything.

Skycoin has to be built upon a foundation of reality and not mere appearance.
That is why all the attention is focused on the technology and the fundamental
metrics, instead of running a penny stock pump and dump. In this market, to do
this honestly is a huge handicap.

We anticipate that during these bubbles, people will make a lot of money
speculating on dubious assets and projects, however as the bubble deflates the
smart money will rebalanced away from the speculative assets into projects
which have a foundation in reality and not merely speculative (flight to
safety). The current alt-coin market has a penny stock pump and dump, horse
betting mentality and is not favorable for real projects. The current market
for crypto-asset is still purely speculator driven.

The current crypto-assets market:

- Instead of being driven by reason, it is driven by emotion
- Instead of being driven by reality, it is driven by perception.
- Instead of being driven by value, it is driven by speculation

We wanted to differentiate Skycoin by moving away from this and preparing for
the phase when the money shifts away from the speculative coins into a
fundamental or value driven market. However, majority of the market for the
immediate future is going to be valueless asset tokens, with no revenue or
income and no economic purpose and no economic activity, which have hundred
million dollar or billion dollar valuations. The sole value of the token, being
that there are people are wiling to buy the tokens for harder, spendable
currencies like Bitcoin or fiat (pump and dump).

I believe the next stage of crypto-currencies we are entering will be coins
based upon user communities, real economic activity, crypto based applications
and commodity backed coins (power grid tokens, bandwidth/telecom coins). Where
as the current generation is based upon marketing slogans "We are IoT" (with no
IoT devices) and "We have Smart Contracts" (that no one uses).

Then Skycoin also have a large segment of the community is also very patient
and is testing out new software (with bugs) or that is difficult to use and
install (like the BBS app, mobile wallet and Skymesssanger). So they have some
experience with what we are building that the public has not seen and which has
not been marketing etc. Many people are closely and personally tracking the
Skycoin project progress now and testing the applications.

The price has also been tracking the Yuan and USD. However, in the long term we
expect Skycoin will resume tracking BTC. Especially after the OTC market is
integrated.

Price is a lagging metric, so is not useful.  Price appreciations can be
extremely violent and rapid and often reflect userbase growth or adaption that
has been occurring continuously over years. It can also reflect what happens
when a coin breaks the level of conscienceness, due to onset of sudden, high
intensity, focused marketing and exchange listings (which takes months or years
to prepare and lay the foundation for).

### Exchange Listings

The scheduled listing on US exchanges was affected by the SEC letter. **The US
exchanges still have not resumed listing new coins.**

We think all the US exchanges will be dead or irrelevant within two years.

Any US jurisdiction can be seized and the customers coins stolen by the
government at any time (similar to what happened to eGold when the US
government seized the customers collateral and kept it or MtGox when it went
into receivership). There is an extremely long history of governments (
especially the US government) just seizing assets and collateral belonging to
customers and just stealing the money and assets.

Current regulatory actions in the United States, Japan, Korean and China are
accelerating the schedule for adaption of DEX (decentralized exchange)
technology.

We should have accelerated and prioritized the time table for exchange listings
last year. This set our time table back six months, but is not major problem.

Most of the large coin holdings have been moved off exchange are essentially
illiquid because of the risk of theft from government seize, risk of exchange
being hacked and/or holders being unwilling to submit themselves to the
invasive tracking and surveillance that use of the current exchange entails.

Since most of the Bitcoin are off-market and not on the order books (
non-exchange traded), for the above reasons, the market for crypto assets is
being set largely by a small number of high speed arbitrage firms with massive
volume, whose positions in the order book are extremely thin compared to the
total volume of coins in circulation. Meaning that if people attempted
liquidation of even 1% of the outstanding volume of issued coins, there would
be a severe decrease in coin price and inability to find buyers at the current
market price without taking a 30% to 70% discount (depending on the magnitude
of the capital outflows which are occurring at the same time).

The crypto volumes are are very large, but deceptive because the volume is from
high frequency bots and does not reflect the order-book depth. Even 1% of coins
being dumped can completely destroy the order book.

DEX will allow a larger number of coins to be active on the market and order
book and increase stability by increasing the orderbook depth (because large
holders do no longer need to worry about counter party risk and having their
coins stolen, seized or hacked by keeping them on exchange). The increased
order book depth should decrease volatility and make it more more difficult for
a small number of players to cause large price movements and market
manipulations.

So we are expecting most of the market to move to DEX and most of the coin
volume to move to coins that have lower transaction times (away from bitcoin)
to the coins whose transaction times are closer to the rate of exchanges (
currently impossible for all coins based upon PoS/PoW and which has only now
become possible with new consensus algorithms, such as Skycoin Obelisk).

I think exchange centralization is a fad or a phase (like MtGox).

We will see more of the altcoin markets internalized because of the regulation
and then eventually moved to DEX (decentralized exchange).

We are still working with the existing exchange, but are starting development
of the Skycoin OTC market and our exchange federation protocol for enabling DEX.

What is happening is the exchanges are forming "self-regulatory" committees to
block the creation of new exchanges (the business is very profitable and they
are making 0.1% on each side of every trade on very high volumes). Unless they
can regulate out new competitors, the exchanges are unable to maintain their
high transaction and trading fees. Then they are creating "white lists" by
country and only allowing the listing of crypto assets that the investors/owner
groups of the exchanges have invested in or own a large percentage of.

The crypto-markets are forming into a new cabal, that is almost identical in
structure and function to the wall-street cabal Bitcoin was developed to rebel
against.

- the mining pool cabal (the three mining pools that control the network. Now
  being challenged by state backed mining pools, such as the Russian government
  backed entity)
- the exchange cabal (the exchanges approved to convert between fiat and
  crypto, who price fix the trading fees and exchange fees and use regulation
  or connections with legacy banking system to exclude competition)
- the coin white-list cabal (Apple white list, Korean whitelist, Japanese White
  List, etc)

It is very upsetting to watch what is happening in the Bitcoin exchange market.
I think this is another phase of crypto. There seems to be a cycle of
consolidation and then re-decentralization in response to the abuses once an
oligarchy has formed and begins to abuse their power.
